Update file types supported by Preview and deep indexed by Elasticsearch (#3400)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/SearchQuery.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
Quilt provides support for queries in the Elasticsearch DSL, as
well as SQL queries in Athena.

## Elasticsearch

The objects in Amazon S3 buckets connected to Quilt are synchronized to
an Elasticsearch cluster, which provides Quilt's search features.

Quilt uses Elasticsearch 6.7
([docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.7/index.html)).

### Indexing
Quilt maintains a near-realtime index of the objects in your S3
bucket in Elasticsearch.  Each bucket corresponds to one or more
Elasticsearch indexes. As objects are mutated in S3, Quilt uses an
event-driven system (via SNS and SQS) to update Elasticsearch.

There are two types of indexing in Quilt:
* *shallow* indexing includes object metadata (such as the file name and size)
* *deep* indexing includes object contents. Quilt supports deep
indexing for the following file extensions:

>   * .csv, .html, .json, .md, .rmd, .rst, .tab, .txt, .tsv (plain-text formats)

Reviewer: We don't support preview of `.rst` https://open.quiltdata.com/b/quilt-example/tree/dima/node_modules2/highlight.js/docs/language-requests.rst

Reviewer: There are tasks for `.rst` for both frontend and backend, and from my comments there I see, that main job should be done on backend side

Reviewer: Ok, this is about indexing not preview

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
Quilt provides support for queries in the Elasticsearch DSL, as
well as SQL queries in Athena.

## Elasticsearch

The objects in Amazon S3 buckets connected to Quilt are synchronized to
an Elasticsearch cluster, which provides Quilt's search features.
This is available directly in the navigation bar, or 
for custom queries you can use the **Queries** tab in the Quilt catalog

> to directly query the Elasticsearch cluster.

Reviewer 2: Eliminate 9, 10, 11 above.

Quilt uses Elasticsearch 6.7
([docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.7/index.html)).

### Indexing
Quilt maintains a near-realtime index of the objects in your S3
bucket in Elasticsearch.  Each bucket corresponds to one or more
Elasticsearch indexes. As objects are mutated in S3, Quilt uses an
event-driven system (via SNS and SQS) to update Elasticsearch.

There are two types of indexing in Quilt:
* *shallow* indexing includes object metadata (such as the file name and size)
* *deep* indexing includes object contents. Quilt supports deep
indexing for the following file extensions:
  * .csv, .html, .json, .md, .rmd, .rst, .tab, .txt, .tsv (plain-text formats)
  * .fcs (FlowJo)
  * .ipynb (Jupyter notebooks)
  * .parquet
  * .pdf
  * .pptx
  * .xls, .xlsx

> > By default, Quilt indexes a limited number of bytes per document for specified file
> formats (256KB). Both the maximum byte extract per document and file formats
> to deep index can optionally be defined per Bucket in the Catalog Admin settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, Quilt indexes a limited number of bytes per document for specified file
formats (100KB). Both the max number of bytes per document and which file formats
to deep index can be customized per Bucket in the Catalog Admin settings.
```

![Example of Admin Bucket indexing options](../imgs/elastic-search-indexing-options.png)

### Navigation Bar

The navigation bar on every page in the catalog provides a convenient

> shortcut for searching all objects and packages in an Amazon S3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
shortcut for searching objects and packages in an Amazon S3
```

* *shallow* indexing includes object metadata (such as the file name and size)

> * *deep* indexing includes object contents. Quilt supports deep

Reviewer 2: Do we note (if not we should), that:
* we only index a limited number of bytes for specified file formats
* both the maximum byte extract per document and file formats to deep index are controlled in the Catalog's Admin Panel

indexing for the following file extensions:
  * .csv, .html, .json, .md, .rmd, .rst, .tab, .txt, .tsv (plain-text formats)
  * .fcs (FlowJo)

>   * .ipynb (Jupyter notebooks and Voila dashboards)

Reviewer 2: Suggest reverting. Voila dashboards are not a file type and search the same as any Jupyter notebook.
